info-compiler/README.md, before:

# Voter Central
This directory contains the web crawler for "Voter Central".

---

## Configurations and Dependencies
For `com.google.sps.webcrawler.NewsContentProcessor.summarize` to work, download the OpenNLP
"Sentence Detector" and "Tokenizer" model files [here](http://opennlp.sourceforge.net/models-1.5/).

To use the code, please prepare and put the following in com.google.google.sps.infocompiler.Config:
- Civic Information API key (referenced in com.google.google.sps.infocompiler.InfoCompiler)
- Custom Search JSON API key (referenced in com.google.google.sps.webcrawler.WebCrawler)
- Custom Engine ID (referenced in com.google.google.sps.webcrawler.WebCrawler)
- Path to OpenNLP "Sentence Detector" model file (referenced in com.google.google.sps.webcrawler.NewsContentProcessor)
- Path to OpenNLP "Tokenizer" model file (referenced in com.google.google.sps.webcrawler.NewsContentProcessor)

---

## Workflow for Deployment on Cloud Functions and Cloud Scheduler

The use of the Google Cloud Datastore client library requires the project ID to
be configured:
```bash
gcloud config set project <projectId>
```
```bash
cd voter-central/info-compiler/
```

To deploy InfoCompilerFunction on Google Cloud Functions, execute this command:
```bash
gcloud functions deploy <functionName>
    --project <projectId>
    --entry-point com.google.sps.infocompiler.InfoCompilerFunction
    --runtime java11
    --trigger-http
    --service-account <serviceAccountEmail>
```
([More details about the command](https://cloud.google.com/sdk/gcloud/reference/functions/deploy).)

To create a Google Cloud Scheduler to trigger InfoCompilerFunction via HTTP, execute this command:
```bash
gcloud scheduler jobs create http <jobName>
    --schedule "<cronSchedule>"
    --uri <HTTPTriggerUrlOfCloudFunctions>
    --time-zone <timeZone>
    --oidc-service-account-email=<serviceAccountEmailSameInCloudFunctions>
```
([More details about the command](https://cloud.google.com/sdk/gcloud/reference/scheduler/jobs/create/http).)

([More details about cron schedules](https://cloud.google.com/scheduler/docs/configuring/cron-job-schedules).)

---

## Local Run
To run InfoCompilerFunction locally, execute this command:
```bash
mvn function:run
```
(See pom.xml build --> plugins --> plugin for how InfoCompilerFunction is defined to run.)

---

## Unit Testing
To run unit tests, execute this command:
```bash
mvn test
```
To run a specific test class, execute this command:
```bash
mvn test -Dtest=<testClass>
```

Commit message:

Write instructions for handling the National Address Database in the README.

info-compiler/README.md, after:

# Voter Central
This directory contains the web crawler for "Voter Central".

---

## Configurations and Dependencies
For `com.google.sps.infocompiler.InfoCompiler` to work, store the National Address Database
(Release 3) [data file](https://www.transportation.gov/gis/national-address-database/national-address-database-0)
on Google Cloud Storage. These addresses will serve as the starting point for `InfoCompiler` to gather all election
contest information (positions, candidates, etc.) spanning the United States, using voterInfoQuery (which requires
address and election ID as query parameters) from the Civic Information API. Specically, we extracted a total of
1,216 arbitrary addresses from every 40,000 addresses in the National Address Database. We chose this amount based
on how well our extracted addresses can cover all elections and based on the query limit for the Civic Information
API. To extract those 1,216 addresses, execute this command (where NAD_r3.txt is the complete database):
```bash
sed -n '0~40000p' NAD_r3.txt > NAD_r3_every40000.txt
```
For `com.google.sps.webcrawler.NewsContentProcessor.summarize` to work, download the OpenNLP
"Sentence Detector" and "Tokenizer" model files [here](http://opennlp.sourceforge.net/models-1.5/).

To use the code, please prepare and put the following in com.google.google.sps.infocompiler.Config:
- Project ID (referenced in com.google.sps.infocompiler.InfoCompiler)
- Name of Cloud Storage bucket that holds the addresses file (referenced in com.google.sps.infocompiler.InfoCompiler)
- Name of the addresses file on Cloud Storage (referenced in com.google.sps.infocompiler.InfoCompiler)
- Civic Information API key (referenced in com.google.sps.infocompiler.InfoCompiler)
- Custom Search JSON API key (referenced in com.google.sps.webcrawler.WebCrawler)
- Custom Engine ID (referenced in com.google.sps.webcrawler.WebCrawler)
- Path to OpenNLP "Sentence Detector" model file (referenced in com.google.sps.webcrawler.NewsContentProcessor)
- Path to OpenNLP "Tokenizer" model file (referenced in com.google.sps.webcrawler.NewsContentProcessor)

---

## Workflow for Deployment on Cloud Functions and Cloud Scheduler

The use of the Google Cloud Datastore client library requires the project ID to
be configured:
```bash
gcloud config set project <projectId>
```
```bash
cd voter-central/info-compiler/
```

To deploy InfoCompilerFunction on Google Cloud Functions, execute this command:
```bash
gcloud functions deploy <functionName>
    --project <projectId>
    --entry-point com.google.sps.infocompiler.InfoCompilerFunction
    --runtime java11
    --trigger-http
    --service-account <serviceAccountEmail>
```
([More details about the command](https://cloud.google.com/sdk/gcloud/reference/functions/deploy).)

To create a Google Cloud Scheduler to trigger InfoCompilerFunction via HTTP, execute this command:
```bash
gcloud scheduler jobs create http <jobName>
    --schedule "<cronSchedule>"
    --uri <HTTPTriggerUrlOfCloudFunctions>
    --time-zone <timeZone>
    --oidc-service-account-email=<serviceAccountEmailSameInCloudFunctions>
```
([More details about the command](https://cloud.google.com/sdk/gcloud/reference/scheduler/jobs/create/http).)

([More details about cron schedules](https://cloud.google.com/scheduler/docs/configuring/cron-job-schedules).)

---

## Local Run
To run InfoCompilerFunction locally, execute this command:
```bash
mvn function:run
```
(See pom.xml build --> plugins --> plugin for how InfoCompilerFunction is defined to run.)

---

## Unit Testing
To run unit tests, execute this command:
```bash
mvn test
```
To run a specific test class, execute this command:
```bash
mvn test -Dtest=<testClass>
```
